Updated docs for MQTT components (#3115)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/mqtt3.md

The above example uses secrets as plain strings. It is recommended to use a secret store for the secrets as described [here]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}).
{{% /alert %}}

> Note that in the case, the value of the consumer ID is random every time Dapr restarts, so you should set `cleanSession` to `true` as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this case, the value of the consumer ID is random every time Dapr restarts, so you should set `cleanSession` to `true` as well.
```
